Release notes for IPsec connection issues (#1036)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/community/releases/_index.en.md

* Fixed an issue with Service Discovery where a remote cluster's service was inaccessible after recreating its local namespace.
* `subctl verify` no longer requires the KUBECONFIG environment variable to be set.
* The Globalnet component now handles out-of-order remote endpoint notifications properly.

> * Submariner now ensures that IPsec control socket is created before initiating connection requests, and it also includes
>   code to automatically retry connections in response to errors reported by the 'whack' command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Submariner now ensures that the IPsec control socket is created before initiating connection requests, and also automatically retries connections in response to errors reported by the 'whack' command.
```
